# ualib-scout-dashboard
Here's a very general description of what I'm planning on for the first iteration of our React starter project. Don't worry -- more detail is coming next week (maybe with a couple of crude mockups). We will also meet to discuss it before we get started so we can clarify and adjust the requirements as needed (obviously, we may need to end up adjusting things as we go along as well). Project: Scout status dashboard Unfortunately, our beloved Scout occasionally runs into issues. I would like for us to create a React-based dashboard that features "posts" describing what's happening with Scout and that allows users to submit issues. Posts will typically be just one or two sentences long. There are two views I am interested in for our first iteration -- a dashboard and an administrative view. The dashboard should be comprised of three sections stacked on top of one another: a status section (consisting of posts of type 'status'), a high-priority issue section (consisting of posts of type 'issue') and a submission form. In the administrative view (don't worry about authentication for now), a user should be able to create a Scout dashboard post, set it as as either type "status" or type "issue" and assign a priority to that issue. The posts in each of the two dashboard sections (status, issue) should sort by priority in the dashboard view. Issues without a priority should not display in the dashboard view. The administrative interface should also allow for the user to edit and remove issues. The submission form in the dashboard view should consist of two fields – user email and description. Submitted issues should display in the administrative view underneath the post create/update/delete section. For now, this section just needs to display what's submitted via the form -- these do not need to be editable yet. Something like Firebase would work well for the backend, since our needs are very simple. This looks like a great tutorial as far as how to get React and Firebase working together on something simple. https://css-tricks.com/intro-firebase-react/
